README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive card details form solution

This is a solution to the [Interactive card details form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/interactive-card-details-form-XpS8cKZDWw). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Fill in the form and see the card details update in real-time
- Receive error messages when the form is submitted if:
  - Any input field is empty
  - The card number, expiry date, or CVC fields are in the wrong format
- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover, active, and focus states for interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/desktop-1.png" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/desktop-2.png" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/mobile-1.png" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/mobile-2.png" />
</p>
### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- Typescript
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - Next Generation Frontend Tooling
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Tailwind

## Setting up the project

1. Clone this repo
2. `cd interactive-card`
3. `npm install`
4. `npm run dev`

Commit message:

Added live preview with GH Pages

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive card details form solution

This is a solution to the [Interactive card details form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/interactive-card-details-form-XpS8cKZDWw). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Fill in the form and see the card details update in real-time
- Receive error messages when the form is submitted if:
  - Any input field is empty
  - The card number, expiry date, or CVC fields are in the wrong format
- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover, active, and focus states for interactive elements on the page

### Live preview

You can find this page live preview here: https://henriquernandes.github.io/interactive-card/

### Screenshot

<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/desktop-1.png" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/desktop-2.png" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/mobile-1.png" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./screenshots/mobile-2.png" />
</p>
### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- Typescript
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - Next Generation Frontend Tooling
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Tailwind

## Setting up the project

1. Clone this repo
2. `cd interactive-card`
3. `npm install`
4. `npm run dev`
